---
ID: 257
post_title: 'Looking for a&nbsp;good man (or woman, or&nbsp;child)'
author: sarah semark
post_date: 2009-08-27 12:53:47
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://triggersandsparks.com/blog/hiring/
published: true
---
So, having noticed it's been nearly six months since I last updated my website, I think it's about time I took the plunge and hired someone to help me keep this business running better. I've considered this a number of times in the past, but my general inability to relinquish control, of <em>anything</em>, to <em>anyone</em>, has always prevented me from going through with it. Time's come to grow up, ditch the narcissism, and realize that I'm not the second coming, and I need some help from time to time.

That said! Here's what I'm looking for. <!--more-->

This will be a very part-time job to begin with. My aim is that it will grow with time into a more full-fledged position, but I'd like to start small. I don't have an office anymore (unless my couch counts), so you'll need to have your own equipment. Ideally we'd be able to do a mix of co-working and telecommuting, but I'm open to alternative arrangements. You don't need to know everything already; I'd be glad to teach. Pay will obviously be adjusted depending on the amount of teaching required! This position is best-suited for an entry-level or intern who's looking to get started in the industry.
<h2>Required Skills</h2>
<ul>
	<li>excellent communication skills. This is non-negotiable as it's pretty much the only thing I can't teach you. You don't need to be a fantastic orator, but solid writing skills are absolutely vital.</li>
	<li>basic understanding of basic design principles (and a "good eye", which is also non-teachable</li>
	<li>basic understanding of standards-compliant HTML/CSS</li>
	<li>basic Adobe CS skills, or the equivalent freeware alternatives</li>
	<li>attention to detail (I'm a perfectionist)</li>
	<li>independence and problem-solving skills</li>
	<li>passion for your work and a desire to learn</li>
</ul>
<h2>Skills that would be deemed a bonus</h2>
<ul>
	<li>PHP programming ability (actually, if you have this but no design skills, contact me, and maybe we can arrange something)</li>
	<li>strong web skills (HTML/CSS, Ajax, "making things work", etc)</li>
	<li>strong design skills</li>
	<li>comfort with Wordpress, which I'm using more &amp; more as a CMS</li>
	<li>marketing/PR skills (I'm lousy at marketing myself)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Job "perks"</h2>
<ul>
	<li>flexibility &amp; the ability to set your own hours</li>
	<li>opportunity to learn about the ins &amp; outs of client relations and running a business</li>
	<li>chance to work on a wide variety of projects</li>
	<li>opportunity for advancement</li>
</ul>
Please <strong>send resume, portfolio, and anticipated hourly wage range to [escapeemail email="hireme@triggersandsparks.com"]</strong>, and introduce yourself!